What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
	
	When you initialize a repository, you prepare the directory to be used with 
	git, which creates an invisible file named .git. You need to do this becuase
	you need to prepare the directory in order so it can be tracked.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?
	
	The staging area is different from the working directory in that the staging 
	area a a temporary space in which place files we would like to commit. The 
	value this brings is that it keeps our working directory in tact as we choose 
	the files we are going to be commiting. 

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?
	
	You can use the stagin area to verify on comit per logical change by doing a 
	diff between the working directory and the staging area.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?
	
	Some situations in which branches would be helpful are when you want to crate
	a sepearte version of a working file, or when you want to test a new feature
	on a current working file. Branches would help by being able to later merge 
	any working features back into a current working file.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
	
	Diagrapms help you visualize the branch struchtre by outputting a list of 
	previous heads, branches and currents heads.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?
	
	The result of merging ttwo branches together is that both tracks are combined
	into a new head. The diagram is represented in such a way as to show both 
	branches being merged into one branch.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?
	
	A pro of Git's automatic vs. manual merge is that it's transparent to the 
	user, which means that the user doesn't have to worry about figuring out the 
	latest changes. A con would be that Git doesn't know the intricut details of 
	the versions, and when multiple changes have occured to a file, Git will let 
	you manually resolve the changes to commit.